# CS210
SNHU CS210 Programming Language (C++, Python)
This project combines C++ and Python in one platform to read the txt file, sort its data, and create another .dat file with reminders to end users for different operations. This project demonstrate the creator's proficiency in programming python codes in the C++ platform. All the python functions can be run in the C++ main function. However, I encountered certain difficulties in the phase of design analysis. Originally, I planned to create two python functions with two parameters. After several attempts, I was not able to do that way. So I decided to use only one parameter but with duplicate coding of reading txt file in each function. And it worked!

The most challanging part was to initiate the programming environment that supports C++ calling Python's functions in one platform. After careful review of online resources one the instructions of combining the two languages, I finally understood the rationale of why certain steps were required to set up the environment. I always refer to online resources such as articles and videos for some issues that I am not able to resolve. From this project, I learned the integration of different programming languages into one project. This skill can be transferrable to future projects, which might require support from multiple programming languages. In addition, critical thinking is sharpened during the designing phase of the project. Deciding on which functions stay in Python code and which stay in the C++ is a good practice for critical thinking at a top-down level. 

In this project, I added quite a few annotations to explain why I am coding this way. In addition, I used many callable functions and separated them in a different file. This way, it is easy to maintain the whole program and easy to change if there is a need to. Reading through the explanations and using functions make any future revision easy to execute for improvement. 
